In addition to smartphones, the operating room is equipped with smart operating lights.
Okay, I'm in trouble.
It is necessary to do artificial breathing and pressure outside the chest to be able to rescue the person.
i've never tried it.
Yesterday #PRS_ORG# miss delivery of food, this time just a shrimp dumpling to eat me!?
The man's place of residence was supposed to be on a small island to the south, where he lived with his grandmother.
2) Shunfeng Express
4. General distribution of heavy goods products, separate contact.
2.Are there any imitation products in our store?
Inspection well concrete module production and processing equipment Features and advantages of Zhengzhou well wall brick module equipment:
The mechanical hydraulic system of well wall module adopts single-cylinder hydraulic, conveying, double-cylinder hydraulic and conveying.
Concrete inspection well module brick machine equipment cloth box moving mold box moulding rising, storage box door closing, automatic conveying tray, all done by hydraulic system independently, thus achieving the reduction of mechanical wear and repair.
The well wall module has two functions: mechanical automatic control and manual control.
Yesterday, a reporter from the city's Education Commission was informed that starting this year, the city will conduct a pilot "modern apprenticeship" training model in 60 secondary vocational schools. The students who receive the pilot training will simultaneously have the status of apprentices, and after enrollment, they will be pre-recruited by the pilot enterprises as employees of the units.
In accordance with the principle of two-way selection, students, schools and enterprises shall sign tripartite agreements.For students who have reached the age of 16 but have not reached the age of 18, students, guardians, schools and enterprises shall sign tripartite agreements to determine the rights and interests of all parties and the specific positions, contents of teaching and protection of rights and interests of the students being trained.
According to the characteristics of different specialties, a master can take two to five apprentices to form a study group, ensuring that students master the skills required for each rotation position.
My app appears to have been delivered, but I haven't received it yet
This vacuum cleaner has been considered for a long time, finally harshly cutting grass, the vacuum effect is good, there is obviously less dust in the house, just a little dusty with one hand; wet wipes need to be improved, come and go will have dust marks; overall is very satisfactory
The activities are aimed at combining social innovation with individual family creativity in an organic way, through the participation of children and families in experiencing various innovation education activities, so that innovation practice becomes the cultural gene of the general family, and so that "doing it by hand" becomes a new learning and lifestyle for the general family.
South African doctor: Omicron transmits strongly but is mostly mild
Willem Hanekom, director of the African Health Institute, cited data from the National Institute for Infectious Diseases and other reports: “At present, there are almost all indications that this is a mild disease.”
According to health officials, the number of new cases detected in the first week of December in the province of Haute-Garonne increased by 400%, with tests showing more than 90% of the cases involving Omikyong mutants.
Effects of Liquorice: sexual balance, sweetness, liver, gastrointestinal tract.
Long-eyed meat can also moisturize the skin beauty, nourish the blood and feel good, nourish the heart and spleen, strengthen the spirit of Zhuangyang, anemia people are also suitable to take, insomnia people are also suitable.
The new technologies are not only called “literature and art,” they are full of emotions, and information technology is used appropriately, practically, and effectively.
The second is the trial and punishment of suspects.
However, there are still many cases of trafficking every year.
The reporters learned that the Beijing Human Resources and Social Security Bureau will set up a practice platform, increase the supply of jobs, actively contact 40 university graduates' workplace experience bases, visit employers, integrate demand information and job information; focus on the "six batches," that is, broaden the recruitment batch of institutions, broaden the recruitment batch of state-owned enterprises, broaden the recruitment batch of grassroots projects, broaden the recruitment batch of conscripts, broaden the employment apprenticeship retention batch, broaden the entrepreneurship-led employment batch; implement the dynamic management of the "one-life policy," recommend at least five job information for each graduate, ensure that the employment intention of the difficult family graduates is achieved 100%
Actually, I don't know if it's the shop fault or the rider's fault
High-quality virgin olive oil: slightly acidic, but not more than 2%, with a pure and fragrant taste.
The Mediterranean coast has the most suitable soil and climate conditions for olive growing, such as temperature, sunshine, air humidity and precipitation.
Main production area(Mediterranean Sea):
This requires deepening social dialogue, addressing inequalities, fighting corruption, renewing social contracts, investing in quality education, and expanding opportunities for women and girls.
We must use all the resources at our disposal to ensure that the revival of democracy is our first priority.”
And that's why we failed.
i've been waiting for you so long
I found the buyer of the previous wrong order
The article brings to everyone cleansing cream which kind of good?
3 .Ocean Man OSM Cosmetics Package Nutrition Beauty Skin Crystal Color Inexhaustible water replenishing moisturizing cleansing milk skin care gift box Women (Wash face milk + refreshing skin water + eye cream + latex + face cream)
If you are an overweight but thin-legged MM, we recommend choosing a gorgeous dress skirt.
A short skirt will be very thin, more suitable for fat girls, the coat should choose a tighter, forming a sense of level will be more thin.
Packing water in the box, its packaging box adopts 100% recyclable, can reduce packaging 66%, reduce carbon emissions 97%.
I'm starving.
After being warned by the police, she left the police station.
Not bad, the picture quality of playing the game is really good
According to the China Project Management 20-Year Development Report (1999-2019), as of September 2019, nearly 600,000 PMP® applicants registered in China, about 420,000 PMP® certified, and about 300,000 valid PMP® holders, accounting for 31.2% of the global total of PMP® holders.
This course is not only by the China Tianhua Xia experts team (former Huawei R&D management team), combined with the international advanced project management methodology and numerous well-known enterprises real business scenarios, to the course content in depth and shallow professional explanation.
U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) - U.
It is noteworthy that this is the first time that Crown Prince Mohammed has visited Qatar since Saudi Arabia and its Arab allies imposed a embargo on Qatar in mid-2017, leading to the Gulf diplomatic crisis.
Saudi Arabia conducted direct negotiations with Iran against the background that the nuclear talks between the major powers and Iran failed to satisfy the aspirations of the Gulf states.
The data says that 0-100 km/h acceleration only takes 2.9 seconds, it is probably the article's myvi to reach 30 km/h when people have to 100 km/h, well.
Practice getting up and down, or it'll be a little awkward (because you won't be able to climb the cabin and get stuck halfway).
"The Spirit of the University and the Spirit of the Times". www.wikipedia.org/wiki/The Spirit of the University and the Spirit of the Times. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
This is an important guarantee that the school adheres to the correct direction of running the school, continuously accumulates a high level of culture and cohesive spiritual strength, and has a rich and far-reaching meaning.
"Speech of congratulations from President Xi Jinping to the 2021 Bay Area Science Forum".
But the restaurant called and said that because the riders weren't delivering the bones, the restaurant needed to cut the meat and bones off and discard them
Universities should actively organize students to participate in innovation and entrepreneurship competitions at all levels and provide financial support.
NEWS GOV-MO: The University of Australia Presents Honorary Doctoral Degrees to 7 Outstanding Persons
The University of Macau today (November 11) held the "2021 Honorary Degree and Higher Degree Conferment Ceremony" to present honorary doctoral degrees to Lau Zunyi, Chen Kai-shin, Shuji Nakamura, Li Lan-juan, Li Yu-liang, Zhu Li-lan and Jiang Chaohui, in recognition of their outstanding achievements and significant contributions to the development of society and education.
In addition to his achievements in economic development, economic growth and the East Asian economy, he is a visionary educational leader.
When Sun Yifeng read Shuji Nakamura's remarks, he said that Professor Nakamura is a pioneer of sustainable energy technology.
In the battle against new coronary pneumonia, she and her team proposed a "four-anti-two balance" program and brought with them three technologies: artificial liver, micro-ecology, and stem cells.
Li Yuliang's far-sighted research, such as the transportation of coal in the snow, has helped the industry cope with the difficulties, thus bringing great social value.
Strategy is to find direction, tactics is to land, above most tactical thinking, there is a space for strategic thinking.
If that barley chicken were to be eaten dry, it would be very hard to eat
Do you have to buy enough money to use your $32 coupon code
Costing Engineer Network Continuing Education Learning Process
Watch high-definition live, video!
The make-up artist was kind enough to help me design a make-up suitable for my face type, photography when the big brother shoot humorous and funny, worthy of praise.
The moment I saw the wedding picture, I for a moment did not recognize myself.
In the past 10 years, the number of Asian applicants who meet the admission requirements of the top U.S. universities has doubled, but the proportion of Asians in the top three U.S. universities remains essentially the same, the group's chairman, Zhao Yuqing, said at the conference.
Zhao told Xinhua that they hoped that after submitting the complaint, the U.S. Department of Education and the U.S. Department of Justice would be able to conduct an investigation and take measures to stop these universities from continuing to discriminate against Asians in admissions after establishing the facts.
Required tableware
But I already ordered at 5: 9 in the morning
Considering that the two sides could not reach a consensus on the content of the contract, a few days later, Mr. Lin returned the $200,000 deposit to Mr. Lu.
After the trial judgement, the plaintiff filed an appeal.
Recently, the Court of Second Instance upheld the original verdict.
Counsel reminds you to exercise the necessary due diligence in the course of the transaction.
Taste good, meat good, service good
Taste good, service good, meat good
It always takes a long time to eat cooked rice at the door, the pot of cooked rice is broken ...
Here's a brief introduction.
The entrance is fresh, with a hint of aromatic herbs and a strong smoky malt flavor.
On the university campus, students come from five lakes and four seas, with varying levels of ability, plus varying degrees of study and learning situations.
Of course, if the test questions are of a single type, repetition rates are high, and the questions are too simple, it will inevitably cause a completely different feeling.
And the undergraduate knowledge is basically the basic theory and basic common sense of the subject, from the point of knowledge, the space of change is not large, it is basically fixed.
However, the knowledge points are basically unchanged, and do not represent a single examination question type, repeated examination questions.
My colleague's order has been delivered
Mrs. King's staff, whether consultants, makeup artists, or photographers, were overwhelmingly impressed.
That's the first time I've ever formally put on makeup. Wow, I can't believe I'm going to look that good someday, haha.
Turned my sister's photos upside down and compared them, and I thought our photos were really, really satisfying, just fresh, just the style I wanted.
Your rider said he couldn't find it
Couple style, expressing the sweet love between the two, accompanying the moment, exquisite pointer, palpable.
The man chased after you: "Miss, please wait!"You stopped at the door of the convenience store.
He said the problem arose two months ago and that Sarawak faces the same problem.
We have solemnly celebrated the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China, officially proclaimed China's economic and social development, achieved the first-hundred-year goal of striving for socialism, launched the comprehensive construction of a socialist modernized country, and embarked on a new journey towards the second-hundred-year goal of striving for socialism.
The Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, which is centered on Comrade Xi Jinping, has insisted on coordinating the two major issues at home and abroad, maintaining the overall tone of steady pursuit of progress, calmly responding to the changing circumstances of the century and the epidemic situation of the century, coordinating epidemic prevention and control and economic and social development, accelerating the construction of a new development pattern, strengthening macroeconomic policy adjustment across cycles, focusing on promoting the sustained healthy development of the economy, focusing on deepening reform and opening-up innovation, striving hard to accomplish the arduous tasks of reform and development, and achieving major new achievements in various undertakings of the Party and the state.
China's economic development and epidemic prevention and control have maintained a leading position in the world, and the characteristics of strong resilience, great potential and strong dynamism have continued to emerge; the country's strategic scientific and technological forces have accelerated and strengthened, major innovation achievements have emerged in tandem, the capacity for scientific and technological innovation has continued to be enhanced, and new breakthroughs in key core technologies have been achieved; the resilience of the industrial chain has been enhanced, the quality of foreign trade has increased, the structure has continued to be optimized, and new dynamic energy, represented by new industries and new business patterns, has grown and strengthened; the reform and opening-up process has been advanced in depth, and efforts have been made to plug the bottlenecks that restrict the matching of supply and demand and the flow of elements,
With the President-in-Office of the Communist Party of China as the core of the CPC Central Committee, the leadership of the entire Party, the scientific guidance for the development of the Chinese Communist Party, and the unity and tenacity of the people of all ethnic groups throughout the Party, we will surely be able to overcome all kinds of difficulties and obstacles and create a new era of splendour and a new historical great achievement on the new quest of building a socialist and modernized country in an all-round manner.
It looks good.
In terms of performance, it will be evaluated after some time.
The original book supports seven days of unreasonable redemption
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
6, said Zhuqing. Hundreds of thousands of students, a second-grade textbook, a piece of chocolate. Grandpa is a dumb kid. He says he learns to sing and dance for twenty-four days. In winter, he meets Yuanshan dumplings, and a picture book of soup. My grandmother
Did you miss the bill?
But I ordered one more.
48 hours nucleic acid negative, set "buffer zone" State Council Joint Defense Joint Control Mechanism issued a statement requesting to strengthen port city epidemic prevention and control
In addition, the Notice also states that conditional port cities may study the establishment of epidemic prevention and control buffer zones within the jurisdiction.
There is not a shred of risk-resistant purchasing ability, online purchasing is risky, shopping should be cautious.
And the soup is sprinkled out
But also remind restaurants and cyclists
That time is constantly delayed
You want to pay the service fee to the rider, how do you do it?
To a man who abides by the rules, obeys the old, and refuses to change, you must yell in his ear, “You must change,” and it is certainly self-deceiving, like playing the ox’s harp.
The amount of raw carp resources in Qinghai Lake increased by 0.71 million tons this year.
Since 2003, Qinghai Province has implemented sealed-off fish farming, prohibiting any units, collectives and individuals to fish for naked carp in the main rivers and tributaries of the Qinghai Lake and Lake District, and prohibiting the sale of naked carp and its products.
Quality Books Genuine Edition Guarantee Quality Service Timely Delivery No Problems After Sale
But official crime figures show that women’s ability to control their emotions is still high, and that emotional problems are not an excuse.
In the past, a lot of women's things were suppressed, society gave women brainwashing is said to be dirty, shameful, everyone thought that is so, but the times have changed.
Finally, sisters, try the sanitary pads. They're really useful.
Today is the winter solstice. It's disappointing to make mistakes
Mr. Li initially thought it was caused by the vibration function of the foot bathtub, but did not think to turn off the vibration function, the father still felt a numbness in the bottom of the foot.
At the opening ceremony, the provincial leadership awarded licenses to the fourth batch of companies authorized to use the “Hunan Red Tea” trademark.
Wang Jun, secretary-general of the Provincial Tea Industry Association, was pleased to say that the current epidemic and other factors affected the tea market to a greater or lesser extent, but from the scene of the tea fair, bright spots appeared.
Metaphysical branches include ontology, natural theology, and extensional questions.
In essence, ontology is "the study of which nouns represent real existential entities and which nouns merely represent a concept."
Metaphysical naturalism denies the existence of God.
It studies what kinds of moral codes of conduct people should abide by), applied ethics (the academic application of ethical theory to real-life situations, including bioethics, political ethics, etc.), and descriptive ethics (collecting information about how people live and summarizing it from observed patterns).
The "wayfarers" Nan Xiaolou and Moonless China once again embark on an exploratory journey of death, and their lives are about to be revealed.
Nowadays, the vast majority of the victims' elderly parents have passed away, and the orphans have grown up to become household workers.
We understand that Mr. Ding's donation is for the benefit of the donors. We are all retired people, and our incomes are not as good as they were before retirement. We would like to express our gratitude for Mr. Ding's letter to friends.
Microfluid control chip belongs to perishable goods, can not be repeatedly used for a long time.
How long will it take to get there?
Which street in Hong Kong leads to Saint Street?
I haven't received the order. Can you help me check if the rider is still on his way
Hi, can you help me contact the rider and ask if he's still on his way?
Design is ubiquitous.(A series of reading books for elementary and middle school students, illustrated by renowned teachers, is recommended by Yuan Mao, "Directory of Reading Instruction for Elementary and Middle School Students.")
New and Genuine Edition Developable Tickets Group Purchase Discounts
I'm asking you to cancel immediately or I'll call the police
Make-up artist, photographer, post-production designer, a fine team.
We and the people around us couldn't help but applaud.
She had already recommended her past, and she had just seen the film and was equally delighted.
The repackaged meal has been delivered
Of course, choosing a good training institution is very important.
what's your name?
The more you fear, the more you will be defeated by difficulties; if you confront difficulties, the problem will eventually be solved.
I ordered an axe picker
The restaurant told me that cyclists can't deliver bones
I'm a long way from there
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
In addition, the new regulations also clarify the specific responsibilities of the main development departments of rural public welfare posts, the subsidy standards and subsidy methods for rural public welfare posts, stipulate that the development departments of rural public welfare posts shall purchase commercial insurance against accidental injury for the settlers of rural public welfare posts, and require the relevant departments to monitor the distribution of subsidies for rural public welfare posts on a regular basis.
The address is wrong.
Has it been cancelled
The positive significance of the right wing should not be denied in terms of ending the Cultural Revolution, defining the standards of truth, developing the economy, improving science and technology, and promoting administrative institutionalization and human rights protection.
If the right has positive significance for society, and the Communist Party listens to some of the right's speeches and analyzes their ideas when necessary, then the left has no such creation, because what the left wants is the junk the Communist Party has thrown away!
Left and Right I think generally refers to constraints and freedom, China from the congenital genes of historical culture leads China as a whole should be left-leaning.
For the past two years, America’s blockade and siege of Huawei’s chips has not only put Huawei in an unprecedented predicament, but has also caused huge losses for “American” companies.
Consequently, Zhang Zhongmou found it ironic that Intel entered the Crystal Circle.
To catch up is not easy.
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
In Figure 9, the heat wave peak of one event is exactly the wave valley of another event, the time is no less than a second, it must be the united battalion of sailors received the task of launching a new offensive.
The Ministry of Health of Cyprus announced on October 10 that it had confirmed for the first time three cases of Omicron poisoning in the country.
Will the above form be refunded?
the order is a feather claw
So don't choose such a pit dad's decoration company.
Later everyone in the selection time more Baidu look at these check out these consultations because decoration is not small money.
This meteor shower is known for its high flow rate and stability, and together with the quadrangle meteor shower and the Persei meteor shower, it is known as one of the three major meteor showers in the Northern Hemisphere.
How can we observe as many meteors as possible?
According to Zhongyikang's forecast, laser TV market sales will grow by more than 140 percent in 2020 and will continue to grow at a rapid pace.
An ophthalmologist at the Sixi Laboratory of the China Institute of Electronic Technology Standardization and an ophthalmologist at the Beijing Commonwealth Hospital obtained 144 sets of test data from a rigorous comparison of laser and LCD televisions viewed under the same conditions.
It is not a question of false demand, but of the products of demand subdivision, about the quality of the picture and the ratio of input to output, laser TV is not the dish of the A.V. player, wanting to take into account both the large screen and the inadequate viewing environment, can try, everything is advantageous and disadvantageous, after weighing and judging themselves, is afraid to listen to the word.
The repaired film takes about half a month, sitting and so on ~
I myself have helped 59 Internet customers, underwriting off-line products, saving everyone 2000-3000 yuan / year in insurance premiums.
In this process, the policyholder does not need to sign, the insurance consultant does not need to sign, all steps can be completed by the policyholder independently.
But there are health and safety issues with my food
Classic Sword Connoisseur's Guide Gold-plated Collector's Edition
Industrial Design Hand-Painted Treasure Book Creativity Realization + Practice Guide + Performance Luo Jian Liu Liangjun Tsinghua University Press [Original Book Lightning Delivery]
木本花鸟谱【正版書籍 闪電发货】
China International Railway Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit - Rolling News - Hunan Daily News - Huasheng Online China International Railway Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit - Rolling News - Hunan Daily News - Huasheng Online China International Railway Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit - China International Railway Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit - China International Railway Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit - China International Railway Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit - China International Railway Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit - China International Railway Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit - China International Railway Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit - China International Railway Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit - China International Railway Transport and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit - China International Railway Transport and Equipment
Reason for recommendation: Chosen sorghum as the raw material, using traditional brewing technology, white wine from the Inner Mongolia Plateau, the palate is more classic, strong sweet taste, with a hint of sweetness in the astringency, rich in layers, using traditional solid method white wine technology, preserving the original taste of the original juice, so that the liquor body with a rich and rich palate.
High-speed railway house
Address: Route 555 of the Northern Railway View the map
Complete coverage of the Yangtze River drainage basin by the Integrated Water Green Service Area.
By now, the Water Green Integrated Service Area has covered the upper, middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River.
The complete coverage of the Integrated Marine Green Service Area is another milestone event in the construction of the Yangtze River's green shipping, and the capacity of the Yangtze River vessels to receive pollution and provide shipping services has been significantly improved.
In addition to these two aircraft carriers, the U.S. Navy is currently deployed in the Asia-Pacific region with the USS Ronald Reagan based in Yokosuka, Japan.
On January 17, 2022, the South China Sea Strategic Situation Sensing Platform released the latest satellite images showing three U.S. aircraft carriers gathering around China.
The picture shows Yongxiao Island in Nansha Islands, China.
The whereabouts of the 14 Thunderbolt submarines in the U.S. Navy are usually kept strictly confidential.
Facebook, Instagram, Whatsapp, etc., no matter what functional positioning, are Meta's traffic channels.
Capital markets don't just look at middle-income, but more importantly at what is expected in the future.
So the next two years are going to be a tough time for Meta.
Although some of his social software is now more expensive and mainstream social software, such as Facebook, WhatsApp, etc., faced with the rapid development of tiktok, Facebook also has little confidence, subverting between is a blink of an eye.
Article 19 Personnel who have obtained the qualification certificate of a fire-fighting engineer at the first or second level and who apply for registration shall be employed by an approved fire-fighting technical service organization or key fire-fighting safety unit, and shall submit the registration application materials through the employing unit to the fire-fighting organization of the public security organ in the place where the employing unit belongs to the enterprise, and through the employing unit to the place where the enterprise is registered for industry and commerce.
Within the validity period, the Certificate of Registration shall be the practice certificate of the corresponding level of Registered Fire Engineer, and shall be kept and used by the Registered Fire Engineer himself.
Within each period of validity of registration, registered fire engineers at all levels shall complete corresponding continuing education in accordance with the regulations.
Article 27 The relevant provisions of the Administrative Licensing Law of the People's Republic of China shall be strictly enforced by the administrative departments for registration of fire-fighting engineer qualifications at all levels.
You keep postponing
Can I cancel if I want?
The results of the exercise were confirmed by both the Chinese and Vietnamese armies.
